docs/content/en/docs/tutorials/share-tutorial.md, before:

---
title: "OCM share functionality in Reva"
linkTitle: "OCM share functionality"
weight: 5
description: >
  OCM (Open Cloud Mesh) share functionality in Reva.
---

This is a guide on how to try the OCM share functionality in Reva in your local environment.

## Prerequisites
* golang
* make/automake
* git
* curl or wget

## 1. Clone the Reva repos
Clone the reva repo from https://github.com/cs3org/reva

```
git clone https://github.com/cs3org/reva
```

## 2. Build Reva
Follow the instructions in https://reva.link/docs/getting-started/install-reva/ for how to build reva. If you're making any local changes in reva, follow the "Build from sources" instructions.

## 3. Run Reva
Now we need to start two Reva daemons corresponding to two different mesh providers, thus enabling sharing of files between users belonging to these two providers. For our example,  we consider the example of CERNBox deployed at localhost:19000 and the CESNET owncloud at localhost:17000. Follow these steps:

```
mkdir -p /var/tmp/reva && cd examples/ocmd/
../../cmd/revad/revad -dev-dir server-1 & ../../cmd/revad/revad -dev-dir server-2 &
```

This should start two Reva daemon (revad) services at the aforementioned endpoints.

## 4. Invitation Workflow
Before we start sharing files, we need to invite users belonging to different mesh providers so that file sharing can be initiated.
### 4.1 Generate invite token
Log in to reva as einstein at CERNBox

```
./cmd/reva/reva -insecure -host localhost:19000
>> login basic
login: einstein
password: relativity
OK
```

And generate an invite token:
```
>> ocm-invite-generate
status:<code:CODE_OK trace:"64a00a149f07ad5d7134b0eeb7c830f6" > invite_token:<token:"f9a25050-a0cf-4717-badb-b3574e3c0963" user_id:<idp:"cernbox.cern.ch" opaque_id:"4c510ada-c86b-4815-8820-42cdf82c3d51" > expiration:<seconds:1616847728 > >
```

Each token is valid for 24 hours from the time of creation.

### 4.2 Accept the token
Now a user on a different mesh provider needs to accept this token in order to initiate file sharing. So we need to call the corresponding endpoint as user marie at CESNET.

```
./cmd/reva/reva -insecure -host localhost:17000
>> login basic
login: marie
password: radioactivity
OK
```

And accept the invite token generated by einstein:
```
>> ocm-invite-forward -idp cernbox.cern.ch -token f9a25050-a0cf-4717-badb-b3574e3c0963
OK
```

## 5. Sharing functionality
Creating shares at the origin is specific to each vendor and would have different implementations across providers. Thus, to skip the OCS HTTP implementation provided with reva, we would directly make calls to the exposed GRPC Gateway services through the reva CLI.
### 5.1 Create a share on the original user's provider
#### 5.1.1 Create an example file
```
echo "Example file" > example.txt
```

#### 5.1.2 Log in to reva as einstein

```
./cmd/reva/reva -insecure -host localhost:19000
>> login basic
login: einstein
password: relativity
OK
```

#### 5.1.3 Upload the example.txt file
Create a folder and upload the file:

```
>> mkdir /home/my-folder
>> upload example.txt /home/my-folder/example.txt
Local file size: 15 bytes
Data server: http://localhost:19001/data/tus/d9360db0-3484-441a-8b7f-c9c0b8e63918
Allowed checksums: [type:RESOURCE_CHECKSUM_TYPE_MD5 priority:100  type:RESOURCE_CHECKSUM_TYPE_UNSET priority:1000 ]
Checksum selected: RESOURCE_CHECKSUM_TYPE_MD5
Local XS: RESOURCE_CHECKSUM_TYPE_MD5:085f396b2bdea443f3d5b889f84d49f5
File uploaded: 123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000:fileid-einstein%2Fmy-folder%2Fexample.txt 15 /home/my-folder/example.txt
```

#### 5.1.4 Create the share
Call the ocm-share-create method with the required options. The user can list which all users have accepted the invite token and create shares using the retrieved info.
```
>> ocm-find-accepted-users
+--------------------------------------+-----------+-----------------+-------------+
| OPAQUEID                             | IDP       | MAIL            | DISPLAYNAME |
+--------------------------------------+-----------+-----------------+-------------+
| f7fbf8c8-139b-4376-b307-cf0a8c2d0d9c | cesnet.cz | marie@cesnet.cz | Marie Curie |
+--------------------------------------+-----------+-----------------+-------------+

>> ocm-share-create -grantee f7fbf8c8-139b-4376-b307-cf0a8c2d0d9c -idp cesnet.cz -rol editor /home/my-folder
+--------------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+-------------+--------------------------------------+--------------------------------+--------------------------------+
| #                                    | OWNER.IDP       | OWNER.OPAQUEID                       | RESOURCEID                                                                                 | TYPE              | GRANTEE.IDP | GRANTEE.OPAQUEID                     | CREATED                        | UPDATED                        |
+--------------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+-------------+--------------------------------------+--------------------------------+--------------------------------+
| edc8f1c3-5f12-4430-8680-95b9034d6592 | cernbox.cern.ch | 4c510ada-c86b-4815-8820-42cdf82c3d51 | storage_id:"123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000" opaque_id:"fileid-einstein%2Fmy-folder"  | GRANTEE_TYPE_USER | cesnet.cz   | f7fbf8c8-139b-4376-b307-cf0a8c2d0d9c | 2023-04-11 11:52:08 +0200 CEST | 2023-04-11 11:52:08 +0200 CEST |
+--------------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+-------------+--------------------------------------+--------------------------------+--------------------------------+
```
This would create a local share on einstein's mesh provider and call the unprotected endpoint `/ocm/shares` on the recipient's provider to create a remote share.

### 5.2 Accessing the share on the recipient's side
The recipient can access the list of shares shared with them. Similar to the create shares functionality, this implementation is specific to each vendor, so for the demo, we can access it through the reva CLI.

#### 5.2.1 Log in to reva as marie
```
./cmd/reva/reva -insecure -host localhost:17000
>> login basic
login: marie
password: radioactivity
OK
```

#### 5.2.2 Access the list of received shares
Call the `ocm-share-list-received` method.
```
>> ocm-share-list-received
+--------------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+-------------+--------------------------------------+--------------------------------+--------------------------------+---------------------+-----------------+
| #                                    | OWNER.IDP       | OWNER.OPAQUEID                       | RESOURCEID                                                                    | TYPE              | GRANTEE.IDP | GRANTEE.OPAQUEID                     | CREATED                        | UPDATED                        | STATE               | SHARETYPE       |
+--------------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+-------------+--------------------------------------+--------------------------------+--------------------------------+---------------------+-----------------+
| ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f | cernbox.cern.ch | 4c510ada-c86b-4815-8820-42cdf82c3d51 | opaque_id:"123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000:fileid-einstein%2Fmy-folder"  | GRANTEE_TYPE_USER | cesnet.cz   | f7fbf8c8-139b-4376-b307-cf0a8c2d0d9c | 2023-04-11 11:52:08 +0200 CEST | 2023-04-11 11:52:08 +0200 CEST | SHARE_STATE_PENDING | SHARE_TYPE_USER |
+--------------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+-------------+--------------------------------------+--------------------------------+--------------------------------+---------------------+-----------------+
```

The share's recipien has received the share `ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f`. The user can get more informations about the share using the `ocm-share-get-received` command.

```
ocm-share-get-received ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f
{"id":{"opaqueId":"ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f"}, "name":"my-folder", "resourceId":{"opaqueId":"123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000:fileid-einstein%2Fmy-folder"}, "grantee":{"type":"GRANTEE_TYPE_USER", "userId":{"idp":"cesnet.cz", "opaqueId":"f7fbf8c8-139b-4376-b307-cf0a8c2d0d9c", "type":"USER_TYPE_PRIMARY"}}, "owner":{"idp":"cernbox.cern.ch", "opaqueId":"4c510ada-c86b-4815-8820-42cdf82c3d51", "type":"USER_TYPE_FEDERATED"}, "creator":{"idp":"cernbox.cern.ch", "opaqueId":"4c510ada-c86b-4815-8820-42cdf82c3d51", "type":"USER_TYPE_FEDERATED"}, "ctime":{"seconds":"1681206728", "nanos":346009879}, "mtime":{"seconds":"1681206728", "nanos":346009879}, "shareType":"SHARE_TYPE_USER", "protocols":[{"webdavOptions":{"permissions":{"permissions":{"getPath":true, "initiateFileDownload":true, "initiateFileUpload":true, "listContainer":true, "stat":true}}, "uri":"http://localhost:19001/remote.php/dav/ocm/eSWNjTWjorFmZEGQNZVyrU3TyxdWEr1D"}}], "state":"SHARE_STATE_PENDING", "resourceType":"RESOURCE_TYPE_CONTAINER"}
```

In this case, the share can be accessed using the WebDAV protocol (multiple access methods are available, like WebDAV, Webapp and Datatx) using the URL `http://localhost:19001/remote.php/dav/ocm/eSWNjTWjorFmZEGQNZVyrU3TyxdWEr1D`, and every WebDAV client can be used to access the received share resource.

For example:
```
# curl -X PROPFIND http://localhost:19001/remote.php/dav/ocm/eSWNjTWjorFmZEGQNZVyrU3TyxdWEr1D
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><d:multistatus xmlns:d="DAV:" xmlns:s="http://sabredav.org/ns" xmlns:oc="http://owncloud.org/ns"><d:response><d:href>/remote.php/dav/ocm/eSWNjTWjorFmZEGQNZVyrU3TyxdWEr1D/</d:href><d:propstat><d:prop><oc:id>123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000!fileid-einstein%2Fmy-folder</oc:id><oc:fileid>123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000!fileid-einstein%2Fmy-folder</oc:fileid><d:getetag>&#34;e35fa97883e0481aabf235abb8eb6b1f&#34;</d:getetag><oc:permissions>SDNVCK</oc:permissions><d:resourcetype><d:collection/></d:resourcetype><oc:size>25</oc:size><d:getlastmodified>Tue, 11 Apr 2023 09:56:29 GMT</d:getlastmodified><oc:favorite>0</oc:favorite></d:prop><d:status>HTTP/1.1 200 OK</d:status></d:propstat></d:response><d:response><d:href>/remote.php/dav/ocm/eSWNjTWjorFmZEGQNZVyrU3TyxdWEr1D/example.txt</d:href><d:propstat><d:prop><oc:id>123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000!fileid-einstein%2Fmy-folder%2Fexample.txt</oc:id><oc:fileid>123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000!fileid-einstein%2Fmy-folder%2Fexample.txt</oc:fileid><d:getetag>&#34;bf73fa7d3ebf18b3cff6d64ed25a7de0&#34;</d:getetag><oc:permissions>SDNVW</oc:permissions><d:resourcetype></d:resourcetype><d:getcontentlength>33</d:getcontentlength><d:getcontenttype>text/plain</d:getcontenttype><d:getlastmodified>Tue, 11 Apr 2023 09:56:29 GMT</d:getlastmodified><oc:favorite>0</oc:favorite></d:prop><d:status>HTTP/1.1 200 OK</d:status></d:propstat></d:response></d:multistatus>
```

In particular, reva allows an user to navigate the received shares in a more user-friendly way, exposing the shares under the `/sciencemesh` mount point. The format to access a received share is `/sciencemesh/<share-id>[/<relative-path>]`.

```
>> ls /sciencemesh/ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f
example.txt
>> stat /sciencemesh/ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f/example.txt
type:RESOURCE_TYPE_FILE id:<storage_id:"sciencemesh" opaque_id:"ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f:/example.txt" > checksum:<> mime_type:"application/octet-stream" mtime:<seconds:1681206685 > path:"/sciencemesh/ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f/example.txt" permission_set:<get_path:true initiate_file_download:true initiate_file_upload:true list_container:true stat:true > size:13 owner:<idp:"cernbox.cern.ch" opaque_id:"4c510ada-c86b-4815-8820-42cdf82c3d51" type:USER_TYPE_FEDERATED >
>> download /sciencemesh/ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f/example.txt /tmp/example.txt
Downloading from: http://localhost:17011/data/simple/ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f/example.txt
 13 B / 13 B [====================================================================================================================================] 100.00% 0s
>> Ctrl-D
# cat /tmp/example.txt
Example file
```

As the share was created by Einstein with the editor role, Marie edit the resources contained in the shared folder:

```
# echo "Modified from Marie" >> /tmp/example.txt
# ./cmd/reva/reva -host localhost:17000 -insecure
reva-cli v1.23.0-23-gf13ffef (rev-f13ffef)
Please use `exit` or `Ctrl-D` to exit this program.
>> upload -protocol simple /tmp/example.txt /sciencemesh/ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f/example.txt
Local file size: 33 bytes
Data server: http://localhost:17011/data/simple/ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f/example.txt
Allowed checksums: [type:RESOURCE_CHECKSUM_TYPE_MD5 priority:100  type:RESOURCE_CHECKSUM_TYPE_UNSET priority:1000 ]
Checksum selected: RESOURCE_CHECKSUM_TYPE_MD5
Local XS: RESOURCE_CHECKSUM_TYPE_MD5:b95a504e7103e0ca0e504e6f86dc36b6
File uploaded: sciencemesh:ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f:/example.txt 33 /sciencemesh/ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f/example.txt
```

Commit message:

Split out 'access content' from 'list shares'
Added a section header that was missing

docs/content/en/docs/tutorials/share-tutorial.md, after:

---
title: "OCM share functionality in Reva"
linkTitle: "OCM share functionality"
weight: 5
description: >
  OCM (Open Cloud Mesh) share functionality in Reva.
---

This is a guide on how to try the OCM share functionality in Reva in your local environment.

## Prerequisites
* golang
* make/automake
* git
* curl or wget

## 1. Clone the Reva repos
Clone the reva repo from https://github.com/cs3org/reva

```
git clone https://github.com/cs3org/reva
```

## 2. Build Reva
Follow the instructions in https://reva.link/docs/getting-started/install-reva/ for how to build reva. If you're making any local changes in reva, follow the "Build from sources" instructions.

## 3. Run Reva
Now we need to start two Reva daemons corresponding to two different mesh providers, thus enabling sharing of files between users belonging to these two providers. For our example,  we consider the example of CERNBox deployed at localhost:19000 and the CESNET owncloud at localhost:17000. Follow these steps:

```
mkdir -p /var/tmp/reva && cd examples/ocmd/
../../cmd/revad/revad -dev-dir server-1 & ../../cmd/revad/revad -dev-dir server-2 &
```

This should start two Reva daemon (revad) services at the aforementioned endpoints.

## 4. Invitation Workflow
Before we start sharing files, we need to invite users belonging to different mesh providers so that file sharing can be initiated.
### 4.1 Generate invite token
Log in to reva as einstein at CERNBox

```
./cmd/reva/reva -insecure -host localhost:19000
>> login basic
login: einstein
password: relativity
OK
```

And generate an invite token:
```
>> ocm-invite-generate
status:<code:CODE_OK trace:"64a00a149f07ad5d7134b0eeb7c830f6" > invite_token:<token:"f9a25050-a0cf-4717-badb-b3574e3c0963" user_id:<idp:"cernbox.cern.ch" opaque_id:"4c510ada-c86b-4815-8820-42cdf82c3d51" > expiration:<seconds:1616847728 > >
```

Each token is valid for 24 hours from the time of creation.

### 4.2 Accept the token
Now a user on a different mesh provider needs to accept this token in order to initiate file sharing. So we need to call the corresponding endpoint as user marie at CESNET.

```
./cmd/reva/reva -insecure -host localhost:17000
>> login basic
login: marie
password: radioactivity
OK
```

And accept the invite token generated by einstein:
```
>> ocm-invite-forward -idp cernbox.cern.ch -token f9a25050-a0cf-4717-badb-b3574e3c0963
OK
```

## 5. Sharing functionality
Creating shares at the origin is specific to each vendor and would have different implementations across providers. Thus, to skip the OCS HTTP implementation provided with reva, we would directly make calls to the exposed GRPC Gateway services through the reva CLI.
### 5.1 Create a share on the original user's provider
#### 5.1.1 Create an example file
```
echo "Example file" > example.txt
```

#### 5.1.2 Log in to reva as einstein

```
./cmd/reva/reva -insecure -host localhost:19000
>> login basic
login: einstein
password: relativity
OK
```

#### 5.1.3 Upload the example.txt file
Create a folder and upload the file:

```
>> mkdir /home/my-folder
>> upload example.txt /home/my-folder/example.txt
Local file size: 15 bytes
Data server: http://localhost:19001/data/tus/d9360db0-3484-441a-8b7f-c9c0b8e63918
Allowed checksums: [type:RESOURCE_CHECKSUM_TYPE_MD5 priority:100  type:RESOURCE_CHECKSUM_TYPE_UNSET priority:1000 ]
Checksum selected: RESOURCE_CHECKSUM_TYPE_MD5
Local XS: RESOURCE_CHECKSUM_TYPE_MD5:085f396b2bdea443f3d5b889f84d49f5
File uploaded: 123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000:fileid-einstein%2Fmy-folder%2Fexample.txt 15 /home/my-folder/example.txt
```

#### 5.1.4 Create the share
Call the ocm-share-create method with the required options. The user can list which all users have accepted the invite token and create shares using the retrieved info.
```
>> ocm-find-accepted-users
+--------------------------------------+-----------+-----------------+-------------+
| OPAQUEID                             | IDP       | MAIL            | DISPLAYNAME |
+--------------------------------------+-----------+-----------------+-------------+
| f7fbf8c8-139b-4376-b307-cf0a8c2d0d9c | cesnet.cz | marie@cesnet.cz | Marie Curie |
+--------------------------------------+-----------+-----------------+-------------+

>> ocm-share-create -grantee f7fbf8c8-139b-4376-b307-cf0a8c2d0d9c -idp cesnet.cz -rol editor /home/my-folder
+--------------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+-------------+--------------------------------------+--------------------------------+--------------------------------+
| #                                    | OWNER.IDP       | OWNER.OPAQUEID                       | RESOURCEID                                                                                 | TYPE              | GRANTEE.IDP | GRANTEE.OPAQUEID                     | CREATED                        | UPDATED                        |
+--------------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+-------------+--------------------------------------+--------------------------------+--------------------------------+
| edc8f1c3-5f12-4430-8680-95b9034d6592 | cernbox.cern.ch | 4c510ada-c86b-4815-8820-42cdf82c3d51 | storage_id:"123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000" opaque_id:"fileid-einstein%2Fmy-folder"  | GRANTEE_TYPE_USER | cesnet.cz   | f7fbf8c8-139b-4376-b307-cf0a8c2d0d9c | 2023-04-11 11:52:08 +0200 CEST | 2023-04-11 11:52:08 +0200 CEST |
+--------------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+-------------+--------------------------------------+--------------------------------+--------------------------------+
```
This would create a local share on einstein's mesh provider and call the unprotected endpoint `/ocm/shares` on the recipient's provider to create a remote share.

### 5.2 Accessing the share on the recipient's side
The recipient can access the list of shares shared with them. Similar to the create shares functionality, this implementation is specific to each vendor, so for the demo, we can access it through the reva CLI.

#### 5.2.1 Log in to reva as marie
```
./cmd/reva/reva -insecure -host localhost:17000
>> login basic
login: marie
password: radioactivity
OK
```

#### 5.2.2 Access the list of received shares
Call the `ocm-share-list-received` method.
```
>> ocm-share-list-received
+--------------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+-------------+--------------------------------------+--------------------------------+--------------------------------+---------------------+-----------------+
| #                                    | OWNER.IDP       | OWNER.OPAQUEID                       | RESOURCEID                                                                    | TYPE              | GRANTEE.IDP | GRANTEE.OPAQUEID                     | CREATED                        | UPDATED                        | STATE               | SHARETYPE       |
+--------------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+-------------+--------------------------------------+--------------------------------+--------------------------------+---------------------+-----------------+
| ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f | cernbox.cern.ch | 4c510ada-c86b-4815-8820-42cdf82c3d51 | opaque_id:"123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000:fileid-einstein%2Fmy-folder"  | GRANTEE_TYPE_USER | cesnet.cz   | f7fbf8c8-139b-4376-b307-cf0a8c2d0d9c | 2023-04-11 11:52:08 +0200 CEST | 2023-04-11 11:52:08 +0200 CEST | SHARE_STATE_PENDING | SHARE_TYPE_USER |
+--------------------------------------+-----------------+--------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-------------------+-------------+--------------------------------------+--------------------------------+--------------------------------+---------------------+-----------------+
```

The share's recipient has received the share `ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f`. The user can get more informations about the share using the `ocm-share-get-received` command.

```
ocm-share-get-received ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f
{"id":{"opaqueId":"ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f"}, "name":"my-folder", "resourceId":{"opaqueId":"123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000:fileid-einstein%2Fmy-folder"}, "grantee":{"type":"GRANTEE_TYPE_USER", "userId":{"idp":"cesnet.cz", "opaqueId":"f7fbf8c8-139b-4376-b307-cf0a8c2d0d9c", "type":"USER_TYPE_PRIMARY"}}, "owner":{"idp":"cernbox.cern.ch", "opaqueId":"4c510ada-c86b-4815-8820-42cdf82c3d51", "type":"USER_TYPE_FEDERATED"}, "creator":{"idp":"cernbox.cern.ch", "opaqueId":"4c510ada-c86b-4815-8820-42cdf82c3d51", "type":"USER_TYPE_FEDERATED"}, "ctime":{"seconds":"1681206728", "nanos":346009879}, "mtime":{"seconds":"1681206728", "nanos":346009879}, "shareType":"SHARE_TYPE_USER", "protocols":[{"webdavOptions":{"permissions":{"permissions":{"getPath":true, "initiateFileDownload":true, "initiateFileUpload":true, "listContainer":true, "stat":true}}, "uri":"http://localhost:19001/remote.php/dav/ocm/eSWNjTWjorFmZEGQNZVyrU3TyxdWEr1D"}}], "state":"SHARE_STATE_PENDING", "resourceType":"RESOURCE_TYPE_CONTAINER"}
```

#### 5.2.3 Access content that was shared
In this case, the share can be accessed using the WebDAV protocol (multiple access methods are available, like WebDAV, Webapp and Datatx) using the URL `http://localhost:19001/remote.php/dav/ocm/eSWNjTWjorFmZEGQNZVyrU3TyxdWEr1D`, and every WebDAV client can be used to access the received share resource.

For example:
```
# curl -X PROPFIND http://localhost:19001/remote.php/dav/ocm/eSWNjTWjorFmZEGQNZVyrU3TyxdWEr1D
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><d:multistatus xmlns:d="DAV:" xmlns:s="http://sabredav.org/ns" xmlns:oc="http://owncloud.org/ns"><d:response><d:href>/remote.php/dav/ocm/eSWNjTWjorFmZEGQNZVyrU3TyxdWEr1D/</d:href><d:propstat><d:prop><oc:id>123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000!fileid-einstein%2Fmy-folder</oc:id><oc:fileid>123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000!fileid-einstein%2Fmy-folder</oc:fileid><d:getetag>&#34;e35fa97883e0481aabf235abb8eb6b1f&#34;</d:getetag><oc:permissions>SDNVCK</oc:permissions><d:resourcetype><d:collection/></d:resourcetype><oc:size>25</oc:size><d:getlastmodified>Tue, 11 Apr 2023 09:56:29 GMT</d:getlastmodified><oc:favorite>0</oc:favorite></d:prop><d:status>HTTP/1.1 200 OK</d:status></d:propstat></d:response><d:response><d:href>/remote.php/dav/ocm/eSWNjTWjorFmZEGQNZVyrU3TyxdWEr1D/example.txt</d:href><d:propstat><d:prop><oc:id>123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000!fileid-einstein%2Fmy-folder%2Fexample.txt</oc:id><oc:fileid>123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426655440000!fileid-einstein%2Fmy-folder%2Fexample.txt</oc:fileid><d:getetag>&#34;bf73fa7d3ebf18b3cff6d64ed25a7de0&#34;</d:getetag><oc:permissions>SDNVW</oc:permissions><d:resourcetype></d:resourcetype><d:getcontentlength>33</d:getcontentlength><d:getcontenttype>text/plain</d:getcontenttype><d:getlastmodified>Tue, 11 Apr 2023 09:56:29 GMT</d:getlastmodified><oc:favorite>0</oc:favorite></d:prop><d:status>HTTP/1.1 200 OK</d:status></d:propstat></d:response></d:multistatus>
```

In particular, reva allows an user to navigate the received shares in a more user-friendly way, exposing the shares under the `/sciencemesh` mount point. The format to access a received share is `/sciencemesh/<share-id>[/<relative-path>]`.

```
>> ls /sciencemesh/ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f
example.txt
>> stat /sciencemesh/ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f/example.txt
type:RESOURCE_TYPE_FILE id:<storage_id:"sciencemesh" opaque_id:"ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f:/example.txt" > checksum:<> mime_type:"application/octet-stream" mtime:<seconds:1681206685 > path:"/sciencemesh/ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f/example.txt" permission_set:<get_path:true initiate_file_download:true initiate_file_upload:true list_container:true stat:true > size:13 owner:<idp:"cernbox.cern.ch" opaque_id:"4c510ada-c86b-4815-8820-42cdf82c3d51" type:USER_TYPE_FEDERATED >
>> download /sciencemesh/ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f/example.txt /tmp/example.txt
Downloading from: http://localhost:17011/data/simple/ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f/example.txt
 13 B / 13 B [====================================================================================================================================] 100.00% 0s
>> Ctrl-D
# cat /tmp/example.txt
Example file
```

As the share was created by Einstein with the editor role, Marie edit the resources contained in the shared folder:

```
# echo "Modified from Marie" >> /tmp/example.txt
# ./cmd/reva/reva -host localhost:17000 -insecure
reva-cli v1.23.0-23-gf13ffef (rev-f13ffef)
Please use `exit` or `Ctrl-D` to exit this program.
>> upload -protocol simple /tmp/example.txt /sciencemesh/ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f/example.txt
Local file size: 33 bytes
Data server: http://localhost:17011/data/simple/ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f/example.txt
Allowed checksums: [type:RESOURCE_CHECKSUM_TYPE_MD5 priority:100  type:RESOURCE_CHECKSUM_TYPE_UNSET priority:1000 ]
Checksum selected: RESOURCE_CHECKSUM_TYPE_MD5
Local XS: RESOURCE_CHECKSUM_TYPE_MD5:b95a504e7103e0ca0e504e6f86dc36b6
File uploaded: sciencemesh:ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f:/example.txt 33 /sciencemesh/ef05c999-8ae2-41af-ba0d-a886b061011f/example.txt
```
